If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
Is water wet?
(DONE) Some claim money can’t buy happiness, but can happiness exist without money?
Which is easier: to love or to be loved?
(DONE) Does the “Law of Attraction” exist?
(DONE)Does true love exist?
Does fate exist?
Is friendship necessary for happiness?
Why are drugs banned but not harmful food additives and alcohol?
(DONE) Is it ever okay to share a secret?
Why does time feel slow or fast depending on the day and the moment?
Does life exist outside of our world?
Does luck exist?
Does artificial intelligence have the ability to take over the planet one day?
Are clowns funny or scary?
Why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Why are they called apartments if they’re so close together?
Can animals think and have reason?
Why does your nose “run” and your feet “smell”?
Why is it called a building if it’s already been built?
(DONE) Can vegetables feel pain?
Can a vegetarian eat animal crackers?
What hair color is listed on the driver’s license of a bald man?
Why aren’t cheese and meat slices made the same shape as bread?
Why do women open their mouths to put on mascara?
(DONE) Why don’t they have seatbelts on buses, but they do on airplanes?
Why are pizza boxes square when pizzas are round?
At what age can you consider someone “elderly”?
Do our pets have names for us?
How can you tell what a room full of mirrors looks like when nobody is in it?
Does expecting the unexpected make the unexpected the expected?
Who put the alphabet in alphabetical order?
If two mind readers read each other’s minds, whose mind are they really reading?
Is there a synonym for “synonym”?
If your shirt isn’t tucked into your pants, are your pants tucked into your shirt?
(DONE) If I try to fail but succeed, which one did I do?
How do you know you are not just in a VR computer game?
What came first? The chicken or the egg?
If time travel is possible, would we have met time travelers already?
Do animals like being kept as pets?
Are you lucky? Does luck exist?
(DONE) If you were born with a different name, would you have a different personality?
Are you dreaming right now? How do you know?
Is the glass half empty or half full?
(DONE) Do those who love us really love us, or do they love what they think we are?
If tomatoes are fruits, is ketchup a smoothie?
If you punch yourself and it hurts, does that make you strong or weak?
(DONE) What does it mean to be “real”?
(DONE) What is real versus what appears to be real?
Is existence necessary?
(DONE) What is the origin of the universe?
What created the universe?
(DONE) What are the material components of the universe?
Do the cosmos have a purpose?
What is the goal of existence?
Is there anything that has to be relatively true for everything that exists?
(DONE) Can some things exist that aren’t in time?
Is change really possible?
Can there be things that, in principle, are unobservable?
Is the universe inherently random, as quantum mechanics predicts?
What is time?
Is time real or an illusion?
Can there be time without change?
(DONE) Can there be aspects of reality that, in principle, are unknowable?
Is space real or an illusion?
What are the laws of nature?
Do humans possess the power of free will?
What are we?
Why does the universe exist?
What is consciousness?
(DONE) Are humans free?
Do humans have immaterial souls?
What are numbers?
Is causation real or an illusion?
Could time be cyclical?
What are the laws of the universe?
Is the self a bundle of experiences?
(DONE) Is space itself an entity, or is it reducible to spatial relations between objects and events?
Why is there something rather than nothing?
Could there be a person who was not in time?
Is freedom compatible with determinism?
(DONE) How can you distinguish art from something that isn’t art?
Would you kill 1 person you love to save 100 strangers? Would you kill 100 strangers to save 1 person you love?
Is it better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all?
If you were to die tomorrow, what would you do today?
Are emotions rational or irrational?
Is there such a thing as an ideal government?
Is there a cause for every event?
Is love different from lust?
Does democracy function well for every country?
How much freedom should people be permitted to have?
If someone commits suicide while you watch and don’t interfere, are you responsible for that death?
Is torture ever justified?
Is murder ever justified?
Which is more important: justice or mercy?
Will time travel ever be possible?
(DONE) Is it ever okay to break the law? When?
What is a dream, and why do we have them?
What is self-esteem, and how is it constructed?
What is the right age for marriage?
(DONE) Do animals have universal rights?
(DONE) Does a higher power exist?
Does absolute morality exist?
What shapes a person, nature, or nurture?
Can we know about happiness without knowing about sadness?
(DONE) Can we know good without the existence of evil?
(DONE) What is the truth, and is it the same as reality?
Is truth relative?
Does an afterlife exist?
Do animals have souls?
Is it ever okay to lie?
Do numbers exist, or were they created by man?
Are we living in a simulation?
If God is “good,” why does evil exist in the world?
When will the world reach its end?
What are thoughts?
(DONE) Where do thoughts come from?
Does a soul exist before life and continue after?
Do parallel universes exist?
Why are people told to respect the dead?
Is everyone’s life of equal value?
Are religion and science compatible?
Is happiness the main purpose of life?
Which is more real: mind or matter?
Do the needs of many outweigh the needs of a few?
Does time have a beginning or an end?
Do universal human rights exist?
Are human beings inherently good or evil?
Is beauty truly in the eye of the beholder?
Are we morally obligated to help others?
What is emotion, and why do we experience it?
What is love?
If the only thing I know is that I know nothing, do I know something?
If I go back in time and kill my grandfather before he conceives my father, I have prevented my own conception. So, therefore, can I even travel back in time?
If every cell in my body gets replaced in 7 years, will I still be me in 7 years?
What makes you, you?
Are there limitations to free speech?
Is death a new beginning?
Do guns protect people or kill people?
Would the world be a better place if caste and religion ceased to exist?
What’s more important: doing things right or doing the right thing?
Is world peace achievable?
Can memories be erased?
Intelligence or wisdom, which is more important?
Would ending all wars make a better world?
Do thoughts have a pattern?
If we live in a civilized world, why are there so many distinctions between the rich and the poor?
Can you love someone without loving yourself first?
Do you think “wild” animals should be kept as pets? When and why?
Would you break the law to save someone you love?
Is it more important to be a leader or a follower?
Do people really change, or do they recognize and react logically to new circumstances?
Is there really any completely selfless act of kindness? Or is there always a motive behind helping someone else?
Should terminally ill people be allowed or encouraged to commit suicide?
Which is more important, to be respected or liked?
(DONE) Can a person be “educated” without a formal education?
Are people natural-born leaders, or do they develop the traits over time?
What harsh truths do you prefer to ignore?
What should be the goal of humanity?
How will humans as a species go extinct?
Is the meaning of life the same for animals and humans?
What actions in your life will have the longest reaching consequences? How long will those effects be felt?
If a child somehow survived and grew up in the wilderness without any human contact, how “human” would they be without the influence of society and culture?
Is suffering a necessary part of the human condition?
Will religion ever become obsolete?
What benefits does art provide society? Does art hurt society in any way?
 What is the best way for a person to attain happiness?
Is it more important to help yourself, help your family, help your society, or help the world?
(DONE) Why don’t we, as a species, take advantage of the fact that we have almost infinite knowledge available to us?
Why do we judge ourselves by our intentions but judge others by their actions?
What would you genetically change about humans to make them a better species?
Does jealousy have value in driving humans to improve themselves, or is it a purely negative emotion?
Is happiness just chemicals flowing through your brain or something more?
How would you define genius?
How much does language affect our thinking?
Why are humans so confident in beliefs that can’t be proven?
Are there limits to human creativity?
Are intelligence and happiness tied together in any way? If you are brilliant, is it more likely that you’ll be more or less happy?
Can animals have morals?
What’s the difference between justice and revenge?
Are people ethically obligated to improve themselves?
Is privacy a right?
If you could press a button and receive a million dollars, but one stranger would die, would you press the button?
Does anonymity encourage people to misbehave, or does it reveal how people would choose to act all the time if they could?
(DONE) Has social media been a net positive or a net negative for our society? Why?
Should full access to the internet be a fundamental human right?
Does the study of philosophy ever lead to answers or simply more questions?
1. Is happiness just chemicals flowing through your brain or something more?
2. Can we really know everything?
(DONE) 3. What is the meaning of a good life?
(DONE) 4. Is there a God?
5. What in life is truly objective and not subjective?
6. What is consciousness?
(DONE) 7. Is there inherent order in nature or is it all chaos and chance?
8. Is there an alternative to capitalism?
9. Is it more important to be respected or liked?
10. Are we in the Matrix?
11. Have we become less happy in this age of technology?
12. What is mathematics?
13. Are humans obligated to better themselves?
14. Is there a meaning of life?
15. Is having a big ego a negative or positive trait?
16. Is there absolute mortality?
17. Is the most important purpose in life to find happiness?
18. Do we have free will?
19. Does life require a purpose and a goal?
20. Would you kill 10 people to save 100?
21. What is happiness?
22. How can people believe in truths without evidence?
23. Is it easier to love or to be loved?
24. What is time?
25. Do acts of kindness have a motive?
(DONE) 26. Is mind or matter more real?
27. Is love simply physical desire or something more?
28. Where do thoughts come from?
29. Does evil come from within, and if so why?
30. What is beauty?
31. Are people in this current generation less or more sensitive than people from past generations?
32. Where were people before they were born?
33. What is true friendship?
34. How does gravity work?
35. Can achieving nothing make a person happy?
36. Does the Law of Attraction exist?
37. Have gadgets and apps taken away emotions?
38. Does observation alter an event?
39. If everyone spoke their mind would this world be a better place?
40. Where does the universe end?
41. Is there a perfect life?
42. What is infinity?
43. Why do we strive for perfection if it is not attainable?
44. Does sound happen if nothing is present to hear it?
45. Does utilizing time properly make our lives meaningful and happy?
46. Is it more important to be liked or respected?
47. Can life be meaningful without friends?
48. Where does the soul live?
49. How do you know if you love someone enough to marry them?
50. Is there a reason for life?
(DONE) 51. Do numbers in a bank account make people happy?
52. What will happen at the end of the world?
53. Is living life to the fullest possible?
54. What will happen at the end of the world?
55. Can spirituality make you a happy person?
56. What is education?
57. Are highly intelligent people less happy than individuals with average intelligence?
58. Is there a supreme power?58. Is there a supreme power?
59. Is there an absolute way to attain a happy state of mind?
60. How did the universe begin?
61. Does living your life for others make your life have meaning?
62. Can we have happiness without sadness?
63. Do knowledge and understanding make you content and happy as a person?
64. What are numbers?
65. Does fate exist?
66. When does consciousness begin?
67. Does an ideal government exist?
68. Is life all a dream?
(DONE) 69. Does life have a reason?
(DONE) 70. If everything evolved from amoebas, how does the world still have amoebas?
71. Are there limitations on free speech?
(DONE) 72. The structure of DNA appears to be intelligently designed, what are the implications?
73. Do aliens exist?
74. Are we a minuscule part of intelligent life in the universe?
75. Is trust more important than love?
76. Why do we do things we do not like to do?
77. If lying is wrong, are white lies okay?
78. Do atheists make their own gods?
79. How should people live their lives?
80. Can artificial intelligence be creative?
(DONE) 81. If judgment is for God, why do we pass judgment?
82. What is intelligence?
83. Can religious beliefs affect scientific thinking?
84. What is intelligence?
85. Will a world without reliance on modern technology make any progress?
(DONE) 86. Do we have a soul?
87. Is human potential capable of anything?
88. What do people strive for after enlightenment?
89. Is death a new beginning?
90. What defines you?
91. Why does God not intervene when evil takes root in people?
92. What happens after we die?
93. Does belief make God exist?
94. Isn’t one person’s terrorist another person’s freedom fighter?
95. Will robots take over the world in the future?
96. How much control do you have over your life?
97. Does the path to salvation lie within us?
98. How do you know your perceptions are real?
99. Are we the biggest threat to humanity?
100. If money cannot buy happiness, can you ever be truly happy with no money?
(DONE) 101. Do parallel universes exist?
102. What role does honor play in today’s society?
103. How does one find purpose in life?
104. Is a family still relevant in the modern world?
105. If aliens attack, what will we do?
106. What is true love?
107. Do guns protect people or kill people?
108. What is true strength?
109. Will racism cease to exist?
110. How do you know that your experience of consciousness is the same as other people’s experience of consciousness?
111. Why is beauty associated with morality?
(DONE) 112. Who decides what morality is?
113. Why do we respect the dead more than the living?
114. Is a “wrong” act okay if nobody ever knows about it?
115. Does God have supreme power?
116. What is the difference between living and being alive?
117. Will the world be a better place if caste and religion cease to exist?
118. Who defines good and evil?
119. What’s more important: doing the right thing or doing things right?
120. Why do people fear losing things that they do not even have yet?
121. Do we love ourselves more in the virtual world and less in the real world?
122. What makes a good friend?
123. Is humanity doomed to head in a destructive direction?
124. Do you make your own decisions, or let others make them for you?
(DONE) 125. Should full access to the internet be a fundamental right?
126. What is reality?
127. Is peace the only way to stop a war?
128. What is the truth?
129. Can memories be erased?
(DONE) 130. What makes you, you?
131. Is religion conceptualized by one’s own belief system?
(DONE) 132. What things hold you back from doing the things that you really want to?
133. Will the world come to an end by human hands?
134. What is true happiness?
135. Intelligence or wisdom, what’s more important for a better world?
136. Where is the line between insanity and creativity?
137. Is true beauty subjective or objective?
138. What one piece of advice would you offer to a newborn infant?
139. What is the extent of freedom human beings should have?
(DONE) 140. Does nature shape our personalities more than nurture?
141. What is the meaning of rich and poor in the modern world?
142. To what extent do you shape your own destiny, and how much is down to fate?
143. Do we control technology or is technology controlling us?
144. If you could choose just one thing to change about the world, what would it be?
145. Is it worse to fail at something or never attempt it in the first place?
146. What exactly is self-esteem and where does it come from?
147. Will a curb on buying guns and arms reduce the number of shooting sprees in the world?
148. Is the way we compensate people for their jobs ideal or should we have some way of making sure people are paid appropriately?
149. Do we change when we have power?
150. Can a person be “educated” without a formal education?
151. Will technological advances wipe out humanity?
152. What are dreams and why do we have them?
153. Does understanding philosophy lead to progress?
154. Will it ever be possible to travel through time? Space?
155. Is there a species more advanced than humans in the universe?
156. Is defining people according to race a social construct or a biological category?
157. If all the currencies in the world did not have monetary value, would our world be a much better place?
158. Is there a difference between fair trade and free trade? What is it and which is of greater importance?
159. Is it possible time is being altered right now?
160. Is preservation of a country’s culture a good reason for limiting immigration?
161. Why do we throw away food when we know people are dying of hunger?
162. Does the English language make us feel superior to other countries?
163. Which is more important, justice or mercy?
164. Will artificial intelligence help increase human lifespan in the future?
165. Is it always good to have choices?
166. Does awareness of consciousness have benefits?
167. Is torture ever justified?
168. Do thoughts have a pattern?
169. When you are driving and see one shoe on the side of the road, what do you think happened to the other shoe?
170. Will stricter laws make a better world?
(DONE) Should we limit the amount of money people can earn and save to avoid an unequal distribution of wealth?
172. Are we losing our right to privacy?
173. Since the birth rate is down in the United States, should people be required to have at least one child?
(DONE) 174. Is limiting immigration to developed countries right?
175. Does democracy work for every country?
176. Does faith make belief stronger?
177. Should people have the right to live and travel anywhere they wish with no state or country boundaries?
178. Why can’t every person be a genius?
179. Should people be allowed to sell their organs and should organ donors be financially compensated?
180. Is there freedom in creativity and art in the modern age?
181. Should the government make organ donation compulsory?
182. Do the simple things become complexities when we try to attain perfection?
183. Should governments have penalties for those who live unhealthy lifestyles?
184. Will concepts and theories in regard to religion becoming obsolete come true?
185. Is love different from sexual desire? Passion? How?
186. Is blind belief prevalent more among holy, spiritual, and pious people?
187. Is there a cause for every event?
(DONE) 188. Can dreams be associated with the unforeseen future?
189. Do wars ever solve the problems of countries and governments?
190. If we live in a civilized world why do we see so many distinctions between rich and poor?
191. Can some things exist that aren’t in time?
192. Do computers have the ability to be creative?
193. Does luck exist?
194. What rights, if any, do animals have?
195. Are clowns funny or scary?
196. Are there universal human rights? What are they?
(DONE) If time travel is possible, would we have met time travelers already?
198. Are emotions rational or irrational?
199. Does an afterlife exist?
200. Do you think anyone has actually met their true soulmate?
(DONE) 201. Can we know about happiness without knowing about sadness?
202. Does time have a beginning or an end?
203. Are people born evil? Or do they end up doing evil things as a result of early childhood experiences or other external factors?
204. Is beauty truly in the eye of the beholder?
(DONE) 205. Are we morally obligated to help others?
206. Is world peace achievable?
